Boss Ma Qingchun's mouth is now asking you to go to the office immediately
Got it.
Lin Feng, don't you know to knock when you come in?
Tell me something
I've been busy.
Lin Feng, are you crazy?
I now declare that you have been fired
Why should I be fired?
You think you can do whatever you want as a manager
In the past, this Lin Feng was very cowardly
Why are you so tough today?
Low-quality companies cannot tolerate
inferior character
Is this included in the company's rules and regulations?
To talk about character
The kids are all in fucking high school, and you still molest Xu Yang
The one who should speak the most is you
Lin Feng, you fart
I have a formal relationship with the school
I am the manager.
I can fire whoever I want
I'm telling you to get out now
You can fire me
But you have to go out and notify in writing
How do you want to arbitrate me?
Your little tricks can't fool me
Check your attendance for yourself.
6 days off work
Just this one
I have the right to let you go
attendance
So what do we see?
Boss credit code
Dare to fire you
Then I quit
Where are we going, boss?
That's right, dare to fire our boss
And that was that the color department was completely paralyzed.
You heard him.
This guy screams like he's killing a pig
It's hard not to hear
Actually, I'm here today to quit my job.
But being fired by Ma Qingchun is exactly what I want
You can also get compensation.
But doesn't he always talk about attendance?
The miner he was talking about was actually working overtime all night so I didn't get off work.
Ok. Mmm.
You go and sort out a copy of my overtime computer records
And copy the surveillance video from that day together
OK
The compensation for firing me is indispensable
The company will not take my youth
I even made you bleed once